at the university of Morelia, build
the best version of you studies your
career in three years in the areas of
health humanities
economic-administrative video games and
digital art or from morelia punto edu.mx
telephone 317 77 71 the leader of the cars
defenses of the ruana municipality of
buenavista tomatlán confirmed via
phone that four of the members
of this group were arrested by the
army but denied that they have gotten
steal a house according to the versions
it was learned that at the time of the arrest
he had in his possession long weapons
ammunition and a grenade that they were
seized and then taken detained
to the headquarters of the attorney general's office
the republic in Morelia Hipólito dwells and
He said that the owners of the house would leave
the community on February 24 when
the self-defense groups and the
return one of the self-defense groups and
I lived in it
angry and let's see
we want
and other people results came
late
like the mayor of buenavista
tomatlán josé luís towers
the mayor of tepalcatepec guillermo
Valencia has not been able to return to
govern their municipality since
emerged the self-defense groups and asked that
the law is applied in the hot land
from michoacán I think you have to
punish whom
make use of your position as a member
of the self-defense group to commit some
crime or some wrongdoing before a
situation as difficult as the one that is
living in that region of the state in the
that there are so many armed people according to
information that transpired after the
arrest of the four people in the
ruana these had in their possession two
rifles ak 47 a machine gun ar-15 a
38 caliber pistol special and one
Granada said fragmentation that uses
as part of your team as guards
self-defense the pgr has not informed yet
of the consignment of the accused with
writing information inform quasar
teve